1.陌生人称谓: Dear Sir or Mandam,

2.自我介绍 = 身份 + 定语从句
* 身份,来自(大四生,学校)
* 有什么目的




3.可替换单词
|单词|替换|
|---|---|
|because| since |

4.短语
|短语|意思|
|---|---|
|try one's utmost to do|尽某人的全部来做 ...|
|the national entrance examination of postgraduate study|中国研究生入学考试|



5.句子
as a senior in Peking University who pay great attention to the Project Hope,i am writing for in purpose of ... 
作为北京大学的一名大四学生，我非常关注希望工程。。。

Project Hope  is characterized by warmhearted/warm people's help,whick enables a host of poor children to gain the opportunity of education. 
希望工程的特点是热心人的帮助，这使许多贫困儿童获得了受教育的机会。

accordingly,to my understanding,it is advisable for everyone to contribute to Project Hope  and i want to help a child from a remote area/reigion,**whose** family is **so** impoverished **that** they cannot afford the tuition(too impoverished to afford the tuition).
因此，据我所知，每个人都应该为希望工程捐款，我想帮助一个来自偏远地区/地区的孩子，他们的家庭非常贫困，无法负担学费。

Compared with other,i am not richer but i am willing to do my utmost to help her/him finish the education from the hight school to the college.

6.例文
Dear Sir or Madam,
as a senior in this university who get used to study and read book in the university library at the spare time,and i am writing for the purpose of giving some suggestions which may improve the service of library.
the kinds as well as the number of the book in the library could not satisfy the need of students,therefore,the library may need to buy some new books.Meanwhile,the seats of the library is too less to satisfy the students,i ponder that library to may need to provide the enough seats by buying desk and stool.Finally,the classfication of books in the library is ambiguouse and the students may cannot find the book they want in time,it is advisable for library to do some arrangement to classify those books scientific.
I am looking forward to your favorable reply.
Yours sincerely,
Li Ming.


尾端:
I,on behalf of all the students,am deeply expressing gratitude for your hard work and  it is your efforts that enable us to enjoy a positive learning environment in library.